.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

|        Q        |                    A                    |
| --------------- | --------------------------------------- |
| Bug fix?        | no - yes?                               |
| New feature?    | no - yes?                               |
| New sample?     | no - yes?                               |
| Related issues? | fixes #X, partially #Y, mentioned in #Z |

## What's in this Pull Request?

> Please describe the changes in this PR. Sample description or details around bugs which are being fixed.
> 
> _(DELETE THIS PARAGRAPH AFTER READING)_

## Submitter Guidance (DELETE AFTER READING)
> 
> *We only accept unpacked solutions with full source code. No `.msapp` files.*
>
> *Please update this PR information accordingly. We'll use this as part of our release notes in monthly communications.*
>
> *Pull requests that do not follow this template will be automatically rejected.*
> 
> *Please target your PR to `main` branch.*
>
> *Remember that this repository is maintained by community members who volunteer their time to help. Be courteous and patient.*
> _(DELETE THIS SECTION AFTER READING)_

Commit message:

Updated pull request, readme and contribution guidelines to include Sharing is Caring

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

|        Q        |                    A                    |
| --------------- | --------------------------------------- |
| Bug fix?        | no - yes?                               |
| New feature?    | no - yes?                               |
| New sample?     | no - yes?                               |
| Related issues? | fixes #X, partially #Y, mentioned in #Z |

> If you aren't familiar with how to contribute to open-source repositories using GitHub, or if you find the instructions on this page confusing, [sign up](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=KtIy2vgLW0SOgZbwvQuRaXDXyCl9DkBHq4A2OG7uLpdUREZVRDVYUUJLT1VNRDM4SjhGMlpUNzBORy4u) for one of our [Sharing is Caring](https://pnp.github.io/sharing-is-caring/#pnp-sic-events) events. It's completely free, and we'll guide you through the process.

## What's in this Pull Request?

> Please describe the changes in this PR. Sample description or details around bugs which are being fixed.
> 
> _(DELETE THIS PARAGRAPH AFTER READING)_

## Submitter Guidance (DELETE AFTER READING)
> 
> *We only accept unpacked solutions with full source code. No `.msapp` files.*
>
> *Please update this PR information accordingly. We'll use this as part of our release notes in monthly communications.*
>
> *Pull requests that do not follow this template will be automatically rejected.*
> 
> *Please target your PR to `main` branch.*
>
> *Remember that this repository is maintained by community members who volunteer their time to help. Be courteous and patient.*
> _(DELETE THIS SECTION AFTER READING)_
